Post patch: Building a Settings component (#4931)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/building-a-settings-component/index.md

## Community remixes

> - [@tomayac](https://twitter.com/tomayac) with a taste expression regardings the

Reviewer: Can you rephrase this? I don't really get what "a taste expression" means, and there's a typo in "regarding**s**"

> - [@tomayac](https://twitter.com/tomayac) with a taste expression regardings the

Author: ```suggestion
- [@tomayac](https://twitter.com/tomayac) with their style regarding the
```

Author: thanks for the catch and change request @mihajlija, thoughts on this update?
